How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    That help you to see what change, and that help you to check fewer code
    than reviewing it all. You only need to identify a commit before the bug 
    were introduced and compare it with the next commit, then is easier to 
    find that bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    That help you to restore to an old version in case something stop working.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a 
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google 
docs does?

    * pros: You decide when to commit, you can add a meaning to the commit, help
    you to think how to break your code in small changes. 
    * cons: You can forget to create a commit, if you are not careful the 
    commit could be too big or too small.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    That is because they have different propose, Git is oriented to code and in
    that case makes sense to modify differents files to make a change, and in
    the case of Google Docs is oriented to documents, so you only modify one
    document at the time so in this case make sense to only save one file.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    With git log you can see the list of all the commits are done and with git
    diff you can compare different commits, so with that you can identify 
    different versions and see the differences between them.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that 
could break something?

    You can make changes and if you break something you simply checkout to the
    one of the previous version that is not broken.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
    
    I want to try with some new project